Link to completed CodePen project:
	
	https://codepen.io/crystalbrock619/pen/rNebqym

Review questions and answers:

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
		To mark-up text on a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
		An attribute is typed inside the opening tag to assign or change attributes to an element. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
		h1 tag is used to set text as the largest heading and it should only be used once on a page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
		img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
		title, css stylesheet link, character set, meta tag
    7. What is an id? 
		Identifies one specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
		All elemnts can have an id
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
		An id can only be used once.
    10. What is a class?
		A class is used to group several elements together for styling 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
		All elements can have a class
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
		As many as necessary 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
		window.open in the onclick attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
		It is used to allow screen readers to read the element 
    15. How do I reference an id?
		#idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
		section is a semantic tag and div is mainly used for styling
    17. What is CSS used for? 
		To style HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
		h2 {
			
		}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
		A class is used to select multiple elements for styling such as when you want to style multiple paragraphs in only one section together
		An id is used to style one element in particular such as when you only want one specific link to be styled different than the rest of the links on a page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
		.class name {

		}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
		.human{

		}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
		This is used when you want to select only the specifid elements that are children of another specified element
		parent child{

		} 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
		.sidebar a{

		}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
		It is a set of special built in classes that select specified elements based on their current state.
		a:hover{

		}
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
		line-height: value;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
		letter-spacing: value;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
		text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize; 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
		div{
			border: dotted black 1px;
		}
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
		*{

		} 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
		//comment
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
		whoami
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
		ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
		rm filename
		You have to be carefull because there is no confirmation of the deletion and no recycle bin it is just gone forever 
    34. Why should I use version control?
		So you don't have to hunt around for different version files they are all in one place. Also, it allows multiple developers to work on a project collaborativly. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
		You should commit after all changes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
		git push -u origin branchname 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
		Open project repo
		Fork project repo
		Clone project repo
		cd to new branch you created
		Create a new branch in your name
		Do assigned work
		Push changes to github
		Create a pull request and share the link of that pull request on the project page.

Stretch Review questions and answers:
1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	
	An block element takes up the full line and width it is given, whereas an inline element will not force a 		new line and will display inline with the content around it.

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
	
	The element will be positioned reletively to it's nearest parent unless it has no parents in which case it 		will use the document body.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
	
	Setting the element in a <div> will allow you to do this, or you could set the element to display: block;.

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element         that is display inline-block by default.
	Default Block:
		<div>
		<p>
		<ol>
	Default inline:
		<span>
		<br>
	Default inline-block:
		<button>
		
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
	
	The box model is a way of remembering what properties change what parts of an element. It is 		represented as a layered series of "boxes" around an element. With padding the innermost, border the 		middle, and margin on the outside.

	The fix for the box model is called box-sizing: border-box. It tells the browser to include padding and 		borders in an element's width. You use it by inserting the command in your linked stylesheet.
